Pente-XP Qualitative Testing Checklist

Views
	PenteView
		Does the GUI appear on screen at all? Check!
		Does it display the title screen? Check!
			Do the text boxes for names appear, and appear properly and aesthetically correct? Check!
				Can you type in these text boxes? Check!
			Does the radial options for AI or Player opponent appear and look correct? Check!
				Can you select the unchecked option? Check!
			Does the Play button appear legibly? Check!
				Can you click on it and have another screen load? Check!
			Does the Help button appear legibly? Check!
				Can you click on it and have another screen load? Check!
		Does the Help menu display after being opened by the corresponding button? Check!
			Does the help menu have legible and well organized text? Check!
				Does the text make sense and explain the fundamentals of the game?
			Does the Back button appear legibly? Check!
				Can you click on the button and be returned to the screen you were on prior to opening the Help menu? Check!
		Does the Game menu display after being opened by the corresponding button? Check!
			Are the names chosen on the title screen appear on the appropriate player's turn? Check!
			Does the game page display the board? Check!
				Does the board contain the proper information? Check!
			Does the board respond to player clicks by changing color? Check!
			Does the Make Move button change the page when clicked? Check!
				If no space or an invalid space (such as one occupied by another piece) is chosen, is an error displayed? No..
				If the space chosen was valid, is the board and displayed player name updated appropriately?
					If a tria or tesera occurs, is it displayed to the user?
			Does the Quit button appear legibly?
				When pressed, is the game page replaced by the title screen?
					Upon returning to the title screen, are the textboxes already filled with the previously entered names?
					If the Play button is pressed again, is the Game menu displayed with a new instance of the board?
					Does moving to other pages repeatedly cause visual errors or crash the application?
			Does the Help button appear legibly?
				Does the help menu have legible and well organized text?
					Does the text make sense and explain the fundamentals of the game?
				Does the Back button appear legibly?
					Can you click on the button and be returned to the screen you were on prior to opening the Help menu?
			When the game has reached it's conclusion, is the end result displayed?		